Date: 2014-04-20T11:21:00

[CarltonGamer]: /Friends/CarltonGamer
[LindaSeger]: /Friends/LindaSeger
[LisaLister]: /Friends/LisaLister
[MollyWingate]: /Friends/MollyWingate
[PeterLeVar]: /Friends/PeterLeVar
[SarahCallbeck]: /Friends/SarahCallbeck


# Meeting for Worship with a Concern for Business
## Colorado Springs Friends Meeting
### Fourth Month 2014

Present:[Peter LeVar][PeterLeVar], [Carlton Gamer][CarltonGamer], [Linda Seger][LindaSeger], 
[Molly Wingate][MollyWingate], [Sarah Callbeck][SarahCallbeck]
[Lisa Lister][LisaLister](clerk), [Jeremy Nelson][JeremyNelson]

1.  Opening silence 
    
    Lisa read an advice and query from IMYM Faith and Practice.
 
2.  Acceptance of Second Month Minutes:
    http://coloradospringsquakers.org/meetings/Business/2014/3

    Minutes accepted. 

3.  Committee Reports

    1.  Ministry and Oversight Committee (Minutes attached)

        1.  Action needed: State of the Meeting Report (attached) needs to be 
            approved. [Molly][MollyWingate] read the State of the Meeting Report 
            and added to the report. The report was reported.

    2.  Nominating Committee?
        [Jon Gallenger][JonGallenger] is stepping down as the meeting's Colorado Regional representative.
        Nominating Committee will be looking for a replacement.  

    3.  Finance Committee (Minutes attached, plus financial reports)
        [Sarah][SarahCallbeck] read the Finance Committee minutes and explained some 
        timing issues of when checks cleared our checking account. She explained her 
        thinking about why the Meeting has issues regarding cash flow. [Sarah][SarahCalleck]
        suggested we create a permanent travel reserve that would also help around the 
        beginning of the year.  

        [Sarah][SarahCallbeck] explained about how our replacement checks were stolen from being 
        left on top of our mailing box. She noted a $15 check from Safeway and notified the bank,
        the printers, and the police. The old checking account was closed down and we opened a 
        new account. The situation has been taken care. 

        [Molly][MollyWingate] mentioned that this week the tree in the back will be removed

         The meeting thanks with deep gratitude and accepted the financial reports.

    4.  Meeting House Committee (Minutes attached)

        [Molly][MollyWingate] mentioned that work day attendance have been sparse and encouraged
        Friends to make a schedule. The box alder in the back will be removed

        Meeting House Committee was accepted. 

    5.  First Day School

    6.  Peace and Social Concerns Committee

    7.  Library

4. Old Business

    1.  The clerk has received and read a letter from Madison Friends Meeting 
        acknowledging the transfer of Ginger Morgan's membership from our Meeting to theirs.

    2.  [Lisa Lister][LisaLister] has now transferred her membership from University Friends Meeting to Colorado 
        Springs Friends Meeting.

    3.  Approved Minute - 

        <div class="alert alert-success">
        The Business Meeting welcomes with great joy [Lisa Lister][LisaLister] membership transfer to 
        our meeting.
        </div>

    4.  [Lisa Lister][LisaLister] read her Travel Minute for [Bill][BillDurland] and [Genie Durland][GenieDurland]   
 

5.  New Business
 

7.  Announcements

    The Durland's now have a blog of their Pendle Hill experiences on the IMYM website:  
    (http://www.imym.org/durlands)

    Roots of Injustice Workshop
    Boulder Friends Meeting would like to bring a workshop to our meetinghouse called 
    "Roots of Injustice, Seeds of Change: Toward Right Relationship with America's Native Peoples." 
    The workshop facilitator, Paula Palmer, is available to come to provide this two hour workshop the afternoon of 
    Sunday, May 18th. 

    [Sarah][SarahCallbeck] read about Young Friends camp challenge grant. The meeting agreed
    to make a pledge of $100 this month to be paid next month.   

 
Ongoing Reminders
Our website: coloradospringsquakers.org.  All business meeting minutes and 
reports will be available online.  Our calendar of events is there also. 
Please put events at the meetinghouse on the paper calendar on the bulletin board 
and let [Lisa Lister][LisaLister] and [Bill Werling][BillWerling] know.  [Bill][BillWerling] 
is the calendar keeper for now and he will enter it on Google calendar so the event will be 
listed on our website.  You can subscribe to get reminders and updates automatically.  

If you are part of a group or know of a group who would like to use the meeting house, 
please have them contact [Bill Werling][BillWerling] at william.werling@gmail.com.
Friends are welcome to use the meetinghouse during the week and to open it for Sunday 
worship. The key to the building is always available in the lock box on the ladies' room door.  
We have created a one-sheet set of directions for opening and closing the building.  
Call [Molly][MollyWingate], [Lisa Lister][LisaLister] , Ann Daugherty, [Bill Werling][BillWerling], Peter Le Var or the Durlands for the code to open the lock box.
 
Closed with a moment of silence at 11:56pm

Respectively submitted in the light,

[Jeremy Nelson][JeremyNelson] (acting Recording Clerk)
