=========================
Finance Committee Minutes
=========================
:Date: $Date: 2012-04-10 17:15:48 +0000 (Tue, 10 Apr 2012) $

April 10, 2012 at 5:15 at The Herman Group offices

Present: `Sarah Callbeck`_ (Clerk and Bookkeeper), `Ann Daugherty`_ and 
`Lisa Lister`_ (Treasurer and Recorder).

We opened with silence.

We discussed the Intermountain Yearly Meeting assessment charge and 
realized that we paid them the incorrect amount.  We paid for 24 members 
at $35 per member, instead of 23 members at $40 per member.  The difference 
is $80.  `Lisa`_ will send them this additional amount.

Nine people from the Meeting are hoping to attend the IMYM annual 
gathering, but need financial assistance to do so. We discussed the 
availability of funds for this purpose.  We have designated funds in the 
travel line item of our budget, and we have additional money in our 
checking account which could be used for this purpose.  Because we want 
to support these Friends to the extent that we are comfortably able, we 
decided that each adult would receive $100 toward IMYM expenses, and each 
child $75.  The total (3 children and 6 adults is $825).  `Lisa`_ will 
provide checks and accompanying letters to these Friends, which they 
will mail in with their registration.  If they need additional 
assistance, IMYM has funds for this purpose. The Finance Committee is 
very pleased that so many Friends from the Meeting are interested and 
involved with IMYM.

Email letters about IMYM and Regional assessments will be emailed to 
members in April.

We discussed Mountain Friends Camp.  It is likely that two young Friends 
from our Meeting will attend this year, and others may attend in future 
years. `Sarah`_ reports that they are in immediate need of money.  The 
Finance Committee would like to recommend that the Meeting contribute to 
Mountain Friends Camp on a regular, annual basis, with the money going 
to the campership fund.  Friends sending their children to this camp 
should also feel free to ask for assistance from the Meeting for this 
purpose.  Because of the camp’s immediate need, we recommend that the 
Meeting consider making a special donation of $100 now to help with this
year’s expenses.  (We made a previous donation of $100 in January).

We discussed mortgage payments methods, and `Lisa`_ will contact the Trust 
to learn what their preferences are.

In terms of our new building, the Meeting wants to have no less than $
10,000 available for use as a liquid prudent reserves.  (We have a 
smaller amount of reserve money in Friends Fiduciary, which is not 
quickly available).

`Sarah`_ has been in discussion with `Brian Murphy`_ about whether it is worth 
the trouble, time, money and paperwork in order to have our utility bill 
tax-free.  `Brian`_’s counsel is no.  A bigger issue is to make certain 
that our property is viewed by the County Assessor as a non-taxable property.  
`Ann`_ and/or `Brian`_ will be investigating this.

We reviewed the cash flow report, and closed in silence.

In the Light,

`Lisa`_

Finance Committee Recorder

.. _`Ann`: /Friends/AnnDaugherty/
.. _`Ann Daugherty`: /Friends/AnnDaugherty/
.. _`Brian`: /Friends/BrianMurphy/
.. _`Brian Murphy`: /Friends/BrianMurphy/
.. _`Lisa`: /Friends/LisaLister/
.. _`Lisa Lister`: /Friends/LisaLister/
.. _`Sarah`: /Friends/SarahCallbeck/
.. _`Sarah Callbeck`: /Friends/SarahCallbeck/
.. _`Finance Committee`: /committees/Finance
