Date: 2015-04-19T11:21:00

[AnnDaugherty]: /Friends/AnnDaugherty
[AnnGrantMartin]: /Friends/AnnGrantMartin
[BillDurland]: /Friends/BillDurland
[BillWerling]: /Friends/BillWerling
[CarltonGamer]: /Friends/CarltonGamer
[GenieDurland]: /Friends/GenieDurland
[JohnRobey]: /Friends/JohnRobey
[LindaSegar]: /Friends/LindaSegar
[LisaLister]: /Friends/LisaLister
[MollyWingate]: /Friends/MollyWingate

# Minutes for Meeting for Worship with a Concern for Business**

Colorado Springs Friends Meeting**

Nineteenth day of the fourth month, 2015

In Attendance: [Lisa Lister][LisaLister], [Bill Werling][BillWerling], 
[John Robey][JohnRobey], [Bill Durland][BillDurland],
[Genie Durland][GenieDurland], Carlton Gamer, Molly Wingate, Ann
Grant Martin, Phil Friesen, Sarah Callback and Ann Daugherty

Meeting opened with silence at 11:23 followed by the following reading
from Britain Yearly Meeting's Advices and Queries:

> *Be aware of the spirit of God at work in the ordinary activities and
> experience of your daily life. Spiritual learning continues throughout
> life, and often in unexpected ways. There is inspiration to be found
> all around us, in the natural world, in the sciences and arts, in our
> work and friendships, in our sorrows as well as in our joys. Are you
> open to new light, from whatever source it may come?*

The minutes from Third month 2015 Meeting for Worship for Business were
**approved**.

1.  Committee Reports

    1.  **Ministry and Oversight Committee**: Minutes accepted.

    2.  **Meeting House Committee**: Minutes accepted. The proposal for
        the Friends General Conference Green (FGC) Meeting House Fund
        was presented.

        1.  **APPROVED**: Friends approved submitting the presented
            proposal to Friends General Conference

        2.  **MINUTE**: ‚ÄúAfter review grant request for the FCG Green
            Meeting House Fund, the Colorado Springs Friends Meeting
            approved the request for submission.‚Äù

    3.  **First Day School** - no report

    4.  **Finance Committee**: Minutes accepted. Checking balance
        $259.17; savings balance: $7808. Sarah indicated that the
        current version of Quickbooks that she is using for the meeting
        is about to expire. She indicated that updating the service
        would cost approximately $200. Her alternate proposal was that
        she purchase Quickbooks personally and use that for keeping the
        meeting's books. Her offer to do this was accepted with many
        thanks by those present.

    5.  **Library**: No report, but there was discussion about missing
        books. The clerk will discuss the issue with the Librarian to
        see what processes are in place, and to what kind of support may
        be needed from the Meeting.

    6.  **Nominating Committee**: Oral report given by [Molly][MollyWingate]. She
        indicated that there may be positions that need to be filled in
        the near future, but as of her report there had been no
        resignations.

    7.  **AFSC Liaison:** Genie discussed the efforts being performed by
        the AFSC in Denver with the New Sanctuary Movement. She also
        discussed that an AFSC representative would be coming to speak
        at the May potluck (announcement below).

2.  New Business:

    1.  There was discussion about how the meeting would like to address
        providing input as part of a "Victims Impact Statement" in
        reference to the individual that was arrested for stealing the
        blank checks from the front porch of the meeting. [Bill Durland][BillDurland]
        proposed the following: **For the sake of restorative justice
        and our own Quaker values, we believe that a personal
        relationship between the defendant and our community is helpful.
        We would ask the court to rely on restitution and community
        service as alternatives to a jail sentence.** It was noted that
        we did not know much information on where this case was in the
        judicial process. Sarah indicated that she would research the
        issue further and report back to the clerk.

    2.  Molly gave an update on IMYM

        1.  The keynote speaker will be Diego Navarro. He is interested
            in bringing several young Friends to assist with his program
            (which will require additional funds) .

        2.  IMYM is considering moving the annual gathering from Ghost
            Ranch to another venue due to expense and accessibility
            issues.

        3.  IMYM continues to support the efforts Mountain Friends Camp

        4.  As a result of the above listed factors, IMYM wanted
            meetings to season the idea of raising the yearly assessment
            by $3.

3.  Old Business - items listed in the announcements were discussed.
    Also, there was a continuation of the discussion on bringing
    QuakerQuest to our meeting. Please take the online poll (see
    announcements)

4.  Announcements

    1.  The **adult education book study and discussion group**
        continues at the rise of meeting the 2nd Sunday of the month.
        They are reading *The Essential Elias Hicks*.† Bill and Genie
        will facilitate the discussion. The book is available for
        $13.50 from Amazon, or $15 from the FGC bookstore.

    2.  **Colorado Regional Meeting Spring Gathering**, Sunday, April 26
        at Boulder
        Friends Meetinghouse, You are invited to join us at Boulder
        Meeting for
        Worship at 10:00 AM or come at 11:30 AM for a potluck meal
        followed by a
        program focused on Developing a Quaker Response to the New Jim
        Crow: How
        can we add to the race relations discussion.†Filmmaker, Polly
        Washburn,
        an attender at Mountain View Meeting, will be our resource
        person. Junior
        and Senior Young Friends from all Colorado Regional Meeting
        meetings are
        invited to an overnight at the Boulder Meetinghouse on Saturday,
        April 25.

    3.  **Sunrise Gardens Project**. April 26, 1-4 PM " bring trowels!
        Let's build a garden in a food desert.¬† If you can, rsvp to
        Molly by Friday (April 24). If not, just show up. (Molly will be
        in Denver that day with a family event, but is happy to answer
        questions or make connections).

    4.  **IMYM Annual Gathering** registration is due April 22 with
        payment due May 1. For more details see
        [www.IMYM.org](http://www.IMYM.org)

    5.  **QuakerQuest:** We are moving forward with phase I of
        QuakerQuest. We need to provide the QuakerQuest leaders possible
        dates. If you were not in a meeting when we discussed
        QuakerQuest, you can learn more here:
        <http://www.fgcquaker.org/services/quakerquest> To take the
        poll, enter your name and make a check on each day that you are
        able to attend:
        <http://doodle.com/yt4ie946zeb7uv73>

    6.  **Tribal Tales** is a play written by Bill Durland and will be
        presented May 1 & 3, 2015 at the Cottonwood Center for the Arts
        Theatre. This play is a parody about violence in the Old
        Testament and addresses the issue of peace in the Middle East.
        More to follow as the date approaches.

    7.  May potluck will be May 3rd. A representative from AFSC will
        join us to explain AFSC's work, activities, advocacy, and how CS
        Friends can become involved.

    8.  The FGC Gathering will be at†**Western Carolina University,
        Cullowhee, NC, July 5-11, 2015. More information can be found at
        <http://www.fgcquaker.org/connect/gathering>

5.  Closing: Meeting was closed with silence at 12:25 PM

Submitted by [Bill Werling][BillWerling]

Recording Clerk
