============================================
Minutes for Meeting for Worship for Business 
============================================
:Date: $Date: 2012-07-15 11:26:48 +0000 (Sun, 15 Jul 2012) $


Attendance: `Joyce Doyle`_, `Genie Durland`_, `Molly Wingate`_, 
`Sarah Callbeck`_, `Jeremy Nelson`_, `Lisa Lister`_.
 
Meeting started with silence, `Molly`_ comment with gratitude people
attending Business Meeting. `Genie`_ needs to leave earlier and 
attend 


1. Approval of June Minutes - approved with changes.

2. Cash Flow Reports

   Reports distributed 7/11. Clerk asked if there is preference for how
   cash flow report is read at Business Meeting, full report or highlights?
   We encouraged finance clerk just related the highlight and it is not 
   necessary to read entire report.

   Pretty unanimous among Friends, redirect all funds targeted to building fund to
   general fund.  Current ending balance at the end of June. $3,294.74 cents in 
   checking account. At the moment we are trending water and holding stable.

   Small building fund deposit portion to pledge, the current total savings includes 
   emergency reserves $2,907.89. The amount remaining in the building fund, a Ent saving 
   $2,314.53, 1,400 left of Meeting House projects, roof payment. Sarah took all 
   contributions to building funds at the end of April are all. Prudent reserve, 
   some money has gone into the building fund, difference between 2,300 
   and 1,400 is mortgage reserve. We have $400 dollars left over for building house projects. We are
   still buying supplies. After July's expenses, likely down to 300 for Building House
   fund. We are always going to try to keep about $10,000 in prudent emergency reserves.
   
   Molly would like to celebrate the fact that two major issues for the Meeting House, 
   the roof and the furnace, pause and reflect how great it is that we as the small
   Meeting able to support. 

   The Meeting accepts the cash flow with gratitude.   


3. Committee Reports:

   a. Clerk report - the clerk transition between `Ginger`_ and `Molly`_ was easy and painless involved
      `Molly`_ appreciative to meeting and officers to make the transition seamless. `Sarah`_ noticed
      from IMYM that we as a small grateful and praiseful that the spirit is in us so much that
      we are able to do the business of the meeting without the hardship that other Meetings 
      experience 

   b. Finance Committee
      Report distributed, hold mid-year letters and sent out to Friends. Secure mailbox for
      Meeting House reduce cost of mailbox at Post Office. The Furnace discussion will come 
      in the Meeting Home report. Roofing costs we are waiting for a final bill with in 
      detail from the Roofing Company with costs and our payments. 

      Item action - there was a concern about the process of renting out the [finance committee 
      report]. Any number of issues surrounding renting out Meeting House reports, Meeting House
      committee also discussed. `Molly`_ thoughts we are not ready to rent, until we have up to
      code and safe heat in the bathrooms, we are not ready for renting. There are sorts of things
      we are involved that we could bring meetings here. We don't have the storage capacity to 
      support renting out space. Encourage Friends to how we can use the Meeting House for our 
      events? We don't have enough chairs to support, `Molly`_ so thankful to `Sarah`_ about
      keeping this issue mindful.   


      Meeting accepts the report. 
		
   d. Nominating Committee - Request to approve `Bill Werling`_ as a new member, replacing 
      `Molly Wingate`_. `Molly`_ representing committee, `Bill`_ join nominating committee
      to replace `Molly`_, `Bill`_ is anxious to serve the Meeting, `Jonathan`_ and `Bill`_.
      `Bill`_ doesn't attend all meetings, but he keeps up-to-date and would be a good addition.

      Meeting accepts the report.

   e. Ministry and Oversight
 
      1. Mission statement language comes straight from IMYM Faith and Practice.
         Because Colorado Springs Quakers are so small, we wanted to include  
         Oversight language so M&O can responsible for any matters that come
         includes M&O

         Meeting accepts Mission Statement.

      2. Email from Ed Cerns IMYM Directory, with Meeting approval, sends email to everyone on the list that
         we share directory with IMYM, `Jennifer Roberts`_ and `Pam Hazeleton`_ will 
         be contacted by phone.    

   f. Education Committee

      No curriculum for summer.  Please sign up to play games with the kids and kids 
      of visitors. Transform basement into space that Adult Education can also the room,
      kids made decisions about what should stay or go, young friends will be creating 
      a mobile with paper cranes from IMYM. 

   e. Meeting Home
   
      Progress on projects. We are satisfied with the roofing companies, work. `Molly`_ thanks
      `Ann`_ for keeping contractors and solved potential problems. 
   
      Discussed need for sound modification, one idea is bring in an acoustic engineer? `Sarah`_
      remembered how sound before the renovation, we didn't really know how the sound would have
      behave. Should we talk with sound engineer? `Ann`_ thinks we should talk with expert and
      then decide what to do, `Molly`_ will also bring in `Galvin`_ to help with coming with 
      questions for expert. `Molly`_ will take the lead. Two wedding bands appraised on the quilt,
      are we okay about cashing in gold? `Joyce`_ advises not to waste money on appraiser if we
      want to sell, just directly sell to jeweler and/or gold. 

      Helen has a number of things for the meeting in Wyoming, does `Daniel`_ want to do this and
      she wants the quilt. `Daniel`_ looking into insulation in roof, fix a number of window sills.
      Jennifer looking at different ways to get rid of spiders without pesticides. 
      
      Friends need to take trash and recyclables, Meeting doesn't have trash service.    

      Planning for work day, Sunday, July 22 at the rise of meeting. Mop the floor 
      Super shine all recommended for Meeting home floors. Scrapers, paint brushes, paint,
      and primer.

      Meeting accepts report. 

   f. Library Report

      Thanks `Ann`_, `Jennifer`_ books from father's library, `Joyce`'s friend Fran, magazine 
      holders and binders, labels. The upstairs the inventory and categories, kid's library hasn't
      been inventoried. Talked to `Lisa`_ and `Jeremy`_ about retention of pamphlets and how long to 
      retain. `Joyce`_ requested last library inventory so she can update. Making progress.

      Meeting thanks `Joyce`_ and accepts report. 

4. Old business
	
   a. Greeters for meeting/ arrangements for late comers to meeting for 
      worship. `Molly`_ feels that right now we don't have problem, still keep this
      matter to discuss? `Joyce`_ wonders if Friend coming to the door and sit at 
      outside of meeting. Ad hoc, easy solution, pass responsibility around over time.
      Super easy to do, and not have long-term commitment. Maybe week-by-week or monthly.
      Sign on "greeter chair", striving for simplicity. `Molly`_ doesn't have a problem
      with more of a long term commitment likes the idea of greeter. Concern or commit 
      for a couple of months. Like the idea of greeter chair. `Ann`_ will do it for the next
      four weeks.  
	
5. New Business

   a. Fund raising plan outline from `Molly`_ - attached. `Bill Werling`_ to help `Molly`_ with
      fund-raising. If we want to build addition or make any big changes will require fund-raising.
      Coming up with letter about work has been done, express specific items that can be paid for,
      `Molly`_ has envelopes and list of past donors. Donor with matching grant. `Molly`_ will work 
      with `Lisa`_ about grants from larger Quaker organization. `Daniel`_ put a donation box 
      up shaped like a Meeting House.

      Need to get in grant application to Friends Meeting House, request refinancing plus 
      addition. Request that Finance committee, is refinancing is a good idea? We are going to
      refinance, would it be a good idea to refinance sooner? Meeting House to come up with
      projects and estimated costs for grants. 
	
   b. Open house for neighbors and wider community, are we ready for this step? `Sarah`_ yes we
      should, and more the neighborhood, potluck and/or bbq before it gets cold. What about 
      September? Big rug and better chairs before open house. Maybe try for Spring? `Ann`_ 
      ofter ideas about rearranging cloth panels, such as used for cubicles, `Ann`_ will
      look into the options. `Linda`_ as an aesthetics expert, will be consulted about any 
      of these ideas. 

      `Lisa`_ will look into large piece of rug that all chairs and look into screens and
      panels.

      Open house with food in Meeting house and backyard.  

6. Announcements

<<<<<<< HEAD
  1. Recording clerk has set up new email address, recording-clerk@coloradospringsquakers.org,
     that he will route all Meeting's email and announcements through, he explained that using
     his personal email results in him accidentally spamming his entire contact list with 
     Meeting's business. Friends can still email to jermnelson@gmail.com but outgoing email 
     will be from new email address.  
=======
   1. Recording clerk has set up new email address, recording-clerk@coloradospringsquakers.org,
      that he will route all Meeting's email and annoucements through, he explained that using
      his personal email results in him accidentally spaming his entire contact list with 
      Meeting's business. Friends can still email to jermnelson@gmail.com but outgoing email 
      will be from new email address.  

   2. Colorado Regional Meeting will be meeting here on July 29th.  Please 
      plan to be part of a potluck for them at the rise of meeting.

   3. Newsletter and announcements will be on the library table for your 
      perusal.  
     
     La Fuente in Alamosa is doing a great deal for agriculture workers 
     and their annual newsletter/booklet is fun to read.

  4. `Lisa`_ asked about a permanent place for donation box? Move to front, table in the
     middle of Meeting, remind Friends about location of donation box on library table.
 
      `Lisa`_ will also look into possible benches for sale by Ohio Meeting.
     

Meeting closed with silence at 1:10 pm. 

Respectively submitted in the Light,

`Jeremy Nelson`_
Recording Clerk

.. _Ann: /Friends/AnnDaugherty/
.. _Ann Daugherty: /Friends/AnnDaugherty/
.. _Bill: /Friends/BillDurland/
.. _Bill Durland: /Friends/BillDurland/
.. _Bill Werling: /Friends/BillWerling/
.. _Daniel: /Friends/DanielKidney/
.. _Daniel Kidney: /Friends/DanielKidney/
.. _Galvin: /Friends/GalvinMurphy/
.. _Genie: /Friends/GenieDurland/
.. _Genie Durland: /Friends/GenieDurland/
.. _Ginger: /Friends/GingerMorgan/
.. _Ginger Morgan: /Friends/GingerMorgan/
.. _Jennifer: /Friends/JenniferRoberts/
.. _Jennifer Roberts: /Friends/JenniferRoberts/
.. _Jeremy: /Friends/JeremyNelson/
.. _Jeremy Nelson: /Friends/JeremyNelson/
.. _Jonathan: /Friends/JonathanMcPhee/
.. _Joyce: /Friends/JoyceDoyle/
.. _Joyce Doyle: /Friends/JoyceDoyle/
.. _Maria: /Friends/MariaMelendez/
.. _Linda: /Friends/LindaSeger/
.. _Lisa: /Friends/LisaLister/
.. _Lisa Lister: /Friends/LisaLister/
.. _Molly: /Friends/MollyWingate/
.. _Molly Wingate: /Friends/MollyWingate/
.. _Nancy: /Friends/NancyAndrew/
.. _Pam Hazeleton: /Friends/PamHazeleton/ 
.. _Sarah: /Friends/SarahCallbeck/
.. _Sarah Callbeck: /Friends/SarahCallbeck/
.. _Val: /Friends/ValPhillips/
.. _Val Phillips: /Friends/ValPhillips/
