Title: Fifth Month Meeting for Worship for Business Minutes
Author: Jeremy Nelson
Date: 2013-05-19T11:27:00

Present: [Molly Wingate][MollyWingate], [Cameron Stoy], Dedeen Candrell, Nancy Andrews, Carlton Gamer, Jeremy Nelson
[Bill Werling][BillWerling], Genie Durland, Bill Durland, two visitors

1. Silence followed by a reading for the Boulder Meeting of Friends's 
   Newsletter, *Miscellany*. 

   From Howard Brinton quote,
   For Friends the most important consideration is not the right action in itself, bu a right inward
   state out of which right action will arise. Given the right inward state, right action is inevitable.
   Inward state and outward action are component parts of a single whole.

2. Consideration of April Minutes, approved

3. Clerk's Report: Friends, we continue to have a cash flow problem. We have an 
   average monthly need of $1,170 and an average monthly income of $888, which 
   is up $185 from last month. In reserve, we have 6 months of expenses related 
   to the building, and less than 1 month of expenses related to the work of the 
   meeting. Our goal is to keep 6 months reserve on hand at all times. We also 
   have about $3,605 that is designated specifically for building projects and 
   nearly $500 designated for emergencies as determined by Ministry and Oversight. 
   The upshot is that we have money in the bank, but we are depleting our reserves. 
   Many thanks to Finance Committee for keeping us fiscally aware.

   Many thanks to everyone for making the Colorado Regional Meeting Spring Gathering 
   a success. Thanks especially to those who cleaned before and after the event, 
   brought tables and tablecloths,  and brought extra food.  Our guests were very 
   happy to enjoy our new home.

4. Committee Reports:

   A. Finance Committee: Cash Flow Report and other financial reports. 
      Review of Minutes from Committee Meeting, was delegated but hasn't been
      additional $185.00 in increased pledges. Mortgage, Utilities, Dex, 
      and base expenses, Finance Committee enormous thanks Friends for stepping
      up and cover our base expenses. 

      Cash in and out for various Meeting Home projects.  

      Emergency Reserves a little under, general reserves empty for assessment. 
      Library reserves are now zero. Others items that came up during the 
      Finance Committee Meeting, the graphic "Then vs. Now" graph, the "Now" 
      income graph now is bigger. Utilities bill is now down from the prior
      month, new systems are partly $158.56. The bulk of the meeting by the 
      assistance request by Quetzol and Calliope at Young Friends Camp and 
      FGC, asked for travel assistance. Committee decided that the little 
      extra cushion $875 travel budget, $30 per child per event for $120 so 
      that is what the committee. Meeting appreciated that the committee took
      the time and care for the young friends wanting to do with other Quakers 
      this summer and should be encouraged, including both of them having 
      leadership positions.  

   B. Meetinghouse Committee:  Review of Minutes from Committee Meeting. 
      Electrical work completed and fans have been installed. Still pending
      on exception for property taxes. [Ann][AnnDaugherty] is looking for brochures box 
      and to have a QR Code as well. Landscaping is the next big thing will 
      look [Dedell], [Martha] has expressed interested in planting, and Lisa Lister
      among others have extra plants for xeriscaping. [Molly][MollyWingate] donated 
      screens, another job is make the downstairs windows open to help fans. 

      [Nancy][NancyAndrews] completed and thanked the Meetinghouse Committee for all of 
      the leadership. Next Sunday will be a 
      
      
   C. Ministry and Oversight Committee: 
      Review of Minutes from Committee Meeting highlights from the report. [Carlton][CarltonGamer]
      mentioned that [Jonathan][JonathanMcPhree] was sentenced and will be released in six-eight weeks 
      and may include time in Denver. [Ann Martin][AnnMartin] has been in touch with Val Philips
      regarding the Gardner's worship group.   

   D. First Day School:  We need an adult to be with the children on the occasional 5th Sunday.

   E. Adult Education and Action Committee: Committee finished for the summer, group agreed that
      the testimonies and related material in the pamphlet was enough for another year of  
      programming. 

      Action opportunity at the Steward House,  PPJ&P lecture for sending Volunteer May 
      31st with a lecture by a DU Middle East Professor. [Bill][BillDurland] mentioned 
      Lucietta Mott's distinction between duties and being called to a
      position. 

      [Bill][BillWerling] asks if there is a description for each position as that might
      help in fulfilling positions. 
       
   F. Nominating Committee seeking volunteers for Colorado Regional, First 
      Day School 5th Day Sunday.   

   G. Library, Nancy may be interested in the Library position. 

5. Old Business

   A. La Puente: Where are we with putting together hygiene kits for migrant 
      workers in Alamosa?
 
   B. Landscaping our lot:  We need a plan to control the dust. 
      Our neighbor is offering her raised beds.

6. New Business:
  
 A. Friends from Boulder offering a program about Native American rights.  Interested?

 B. Can we hold our June Meeting for Worship with a Concern for Business on 
    the 4th Sunday to avoid yearly meeting?

 C. Please check your information on the most recent Meeting Directory and send 
    any changes to [Ann Martin][AnnMartin] ann.grantfarms@gmail.com.

7. Announcements:

   Please put events at the meetinghouse on the paper calendar on the bulletin 
   board and let [Molly Wingate][MollyWingate] and [Bill Werling] know.  Molly
   will get the word out, and [Bill][BillWerling] is the calendar keeper for now. 

   July 9th 7-9 Maxine Kaufmain-Lacusta lecture and book reading 
   from her book *Refusing to be Enemies* on Isreal and Palestine 
   at the Meeting House.
   
   If you are part of a group or know of a group who would like to use the 
   meeting house, please have them contact [Bill Werling][BillWerling] at 
   william.werling@gmail.com. 

   Molly asked if we could do a weekly report through e-mail instead of a 
   individual emails as they come through. Friends expressed interested and
   Molly has received complients about the number of emails being received 
   by the Friends. Digest email could turn into more of an newsletter.  

8. Meeting finished in silence at 12:42 pm.

Respectfully submitted in the Light,

Jeremy Nelson

Recording Clerk


[AnnDaugherty]: /Friends/AnnDaugherty
[AnnMartin]: /Friends/AnnMartin
[BillDurland]: /Friends/BillDurland
[BillWerling]: /Friends/BillWerling
[CarltonGamer]: /Friends/CarltonGamer
[DanielKidney]: /Friends/DanielKidney
[DeneenCrandell]: /Friends/DeneenCrandell
[GenieDurland]: /Friends/GenieDurland
[JeremyNelson]: /Friends/JeremyNelson
[JohnGallagher]: /Friends/JohnGallagher
[MollyWingate]: /Friends/MollyWingate
[SarahCallbeck]: /Friends/SarahCallbeck
