Minutes Meeting for Worship with a Concern for Business
=======================================================

March 18, 2012
--------------

In Attendance: `Ginger Morgan`_ (clerk), `Carlton Gamer`_, `Sarah Callbeck`_, 
`Bill Durland`_, `Genie Durland`_, `Molly Wingate`_ , `Peter LeVar`_, 
`Barbara Bowen`_, `Jeremy Nelson`_ (recording clerk), `Joyce Doyle`_, 
`Brian Murphy`_, 

1. Open Worship in Silence at 11:30am
   `Ginger`_ opened with two quotes from IMYM's Faith and Practice:

   "I always go to monthly meeting becauses if I don't, they usually
   end up doing some darn thing or other"

   Barney Aldtrich

   "For it is corporate Truth or Light for which Friends labor together,
   not the proof or justification of the rightness of any particular position.
   
   Nancy Springer
   

2. Approval of February minutes

   `Molly`_ noted the improper misuse of Forth in minutes.

   In the cashflow report the total is $42. Also, we eon't pay assessments for 
   attenders. `Sarah`_ will send edits regarding the Finance Committee report
   to the Recording Clerk.

3. Cash Flow Report
 
   `Sarah`_ hopes Friends have had a chance to review this Month's cash flow
   report. The report is the status of the accounts at the end of February 
   with $4,781 in checking and savings with $2,313.12. There is $65,989.88 
   in the building account. In the cash flow and other reports, `Sarah`_ has
   made some slight changes to the reserves with the `Library`_ and 
   `First Day School`_ can now draw from $59.88 reserves. In the building fund,
   since end $45,000 moved from Calvert to Ent Savings in anticipation
   on closing on the Meeting House. This is setting the stage to be prepared, 
   with $40,000 ready to be wired to Empire Title Account on Monday. There is
   still $16,000 left in Calvert account.

4. Committee Reports:

   a. `Finance Committee`_ Report
      
      Good deal of meeting was `Ann`_ bringing committee up to date on 
      CimmarronProperty. Finance committee ordered Quickbooks and it has 
      been received. Assessment letters will be emailed to Members in April. 
      National distribution is this month, If Friends are planning to 
      attend IMYM and need financial assistance, please send requests 
      to `Lisa`_, Friends need to register with IMYM for possible additional 
      assistance from IMYM scholarship. We hope to increase this assistance
      from last year's amount of $53.

      `Lisa`_ passed around list of organization for donations for national 
      disbursement. Asked about `Friends of Seville`_, `Bill`_ responded that
      this was a Christian/Palestinian peace organization will worth our 
      support. `Molly`_ suggested we support `Western Friend`_, 
      `Friends of Seville`_, and `Friends Journal`_.
      
      Discussed was spliting evenly the $100 between three organizations with 
      $33.33, $33.33, $34.33 or a $35, $35, $30 split. Agreement was made 
      among friends for evenly split of the donation between the three 
      organizations.     

   b. Ministry and Oversight

      i. Transfer of Membership for Deb Gimpelson / `Jeremy Nelson`_ complete, 
         received paperwork for both transfers. 
        
         `Bill`_ and `Sarah`_ pulled together Yearly census. `M&O`_ had a warm 
         meeting with `Peter`_, `Bill`_, `Martha`_, and `Linda`_. They covered a
         number topics, reported to Business meeting the topics that aren't 
         held in confidence. 
 
         Deb wishes to removed from Meeting email list and from directory.
       
     ii. Update on charge for proposed `Adult Religious Education and 
         Social Action`_ 
         Committee
      
         `Bill`_ reported on charge for `Adult Religious Education and Social Action`_ with three 
         possibilities for reorganization. Business meeting already rejected the
         option for combining the Education committees. `M&O` suggested name 
         the name change to, `Adult Religious Education and Social Action`_ committee and
         they also consider a need for a clerk for this committee. `M&O`_ 
         approved the structure for the new committee. 

         A question: what would be the charge for new committee? Two functions,
         continue presentations and programs for adult education keep meeting 
         apprised of social action of Friends and opportunities. No suggestion 
         of any mandatory nature of `Adult Religious Education and Social 
         Action`_. Friends suggested the need for a written charge to allow 
         the committee to move forward. `Bill`_ asked if this discussion means
         charge was met. `M&O`_ with good encouragement and grateful for work, 
         suggest that this committee go forward. `Genie`_ indicated her 
         willingness to serve as clerk of this committee. 

   c. Meeting Home
     
     i. Report on 950 E. Cimmarron

        `Brian`_ started off with a short synopses of where we are in the 
        contract process. Seller offers a price for what they would ideally 
        like and then the next step is coming up with a counter-offer and then
        a tentitive agreement, buyers and sellers will go into contract,
        including a physical inspection of property and review of title. 
        Parties come back together and decide what to do from here. A few 
        choices for this property. A number of options ranging from rejection 
        of deal, to accept the Seller's initial offer as-is, or somewhere
        in between. Often buyers will come back with a list of things for the
        seller. We are at the stage to tell seller what we would like to 
        have seller address. With the Seller setting the asking price means 
        they know that the building is not pristine. For the title 
        commitment report to get title insurance, with any exceptions by the
        title company. `Brian`_ talked about one exception for restriction, 
        photocopy of hand-written deed, unreadable. Title company was certain 
        this was original 1906 Church of Christ, property been in the seller 
        hands for over 100 years. One restriction was that there be no organ 
        music or no festivals not sanctioned by New Testaments. It is within 
        seller's power to remove restrictions from seller. `Bill`_, as an 
        attorney, asked about the removal of these restrictions in order to
        clean-up title. It is also important to remove these restrictions if
        we want for to rent out building for concerts or other events. 

        `Ann`_, `Julie`_, `Molly`_, and `Carlton`_ meet earlier in the week.
        The electrical box needs replacement, the building is missing a 
        gutter, there is not any heat in basement, and the sprinklers need 
        to be fixed. The Meeting Home Committee
        doesn't know what it will require to upgrade electrical box. Original 
        box does not enough power to microwave and coffee maker at the same
        time and doesn't have any fuses. We are getting bids for lowering and
        replacing the current electrical box, we want it out of way for any 
        future additions. The Meeting House committee doesn't know price for 
        a new box.

        It will cost $45 to fix the sprinkler head. There is no heat in 
        basement and the current heater is dangerous. It will cost $345 to 
        remove the gas heater. Don't plug anything.
       
        To install gutter and downspout will cost $500. For the purpose of 
        the contract with seller, the committee is asking for lower 
        purchasing price by the seller for the basement heater, electrical 
        box, and sprinklers.

        The roof is in bad shape, the seller's insurance company will replace 
        roof for a $1000 deductible. The roof options are; patch the roof, or 
        pay the $1000 deductible for a new roof, $12-15,000 for new roof. 
        Buyer will write a check for $1000, we have $2,000 in expenses, the 
        committee asked for a reduction of the purchase price by seller. 

        The Meeting Home committee asserts that the electrical box is 
        dangerous and seller reduce price. We could rightful expect
        that dangerous or fire hazard need fixed. `Bill`_ asked about 
        the original price of $95,000. Is the price reduction in line 
        with spiritual Quaker testimonies. In the first instance we agreed on
        a fair price, but we don't bargain on price. `Brian`_ responded 
        that after inspection, a legitimate buyer should expect
        certain things to be fixed. Things we could reasonable believe that 
        should work, money that needs to be spents to make property usable at
        all but we don't want the sellers to fix. We should expect some 
        reduction of the purchase price to allow us to use property as 
        expected. 

        Difference between bargaining and more information about fairness of 
        price? Meeting Home committee, Meeting Group reduce purchase price to 
        reflect our good faith counter-offer is a different amount to bring 
        the building up to state that we can use as a Meeting Home. Some 
        subjectivity, getting an asking price
        for lower because of condition of building. `Peter`_ noted the 
        subjectivity in meaning, is that their asking a lower price means the 
        Seller knowns what is going on with the building? The initial asking 
        price is what the seller thinks market will accept and given the 
        building and restrictions, only a church could purchase this property 
        for its usage.
       
        `Peter`_ asked the second part of his question, could the seller be 
        surprised by inspection results? `Brian`_ responded that who knows 
        what could surprise seller? There has been quite a bit of deferred 
        maintenance. Seller could be unaware of the amount of stuff that 
        needed to fixed. 

        `Genie`_ then asked the question; have the sellers been used
        building recently? Seller could reject our offer. `Bill`_ first 
        proposed a minute that the Meeting House and the clerk have the 
        flexiblity to negotiate for the Meeting. Quakers historical 
        haven't bargained. `Carlton`_ then said this is different because
        we are discussing the usability of building to the congregation 
        this isn't bargaining as is typical of commercial dealings but that 
        factual things about building needs each party to understands what 
        transaction is about.  

        We make counter-offer based on based on the findings of 
        inspection, accommodated repairs to the sellers. The $2,000 doesn't
        include the electrical work estimate. Our usability is different than 
        current owners, nobody has used the basement for years.
        `Sarah`_ commented that our usability of building will be all over 
        including basements and that other groups will need to the rent 
        building. We need it to be in good condition.

        Ginger asked for a moment of silence so we could reflect and breathe. 

        `Bill`_ returned to providing the `Meeting Home`_ flexibility if 
        the seller refuses our counter-offer that the committee have authority
        to make a decision before next Business Meeting. What are our options 
        are moving forward?

        `Peter`_, speaking as a health professional, stated that the basement 
        hasn't been used in a while and it be difficult to use for people with
        respiratory problems.

       Could it be possible to come up with estimate, we need to be careful of 
       not losing sight of our goal. It is important we articulate all of the
       issues and ask for consideration for them from the seller. Maybe we'll 
       split value of considerations; for example, if the total is $5,000 to
       do the repairs, we would responsible for $2,500 with an additional 
       $1,000 for the roof for lowering counter-offer. 

       The second issue is deal with the situation if the heater breaks down.
       Heater looks to be in good shape but it can't be repaired if breaks but
       needs to be replaced. What would it take toheat building if the 
       current heater fails? Any new heater should be sufficient for a 
       possible addition. The request is that the Meeting hold $8,000 for 
       a heater reserve. Our current prudient reserves is on the assumption
       we won't bring in any money for a year, with no contributions by 
       Friends.

       We have a some flexiblity in this number for heater reserve.

       Meeting Home recommends that Meeting accept financing, we will 
       finance $57,000 at 8% for 20 years. Within 5 years, we need to 
       refinance. Our mortgage will $476.77 a month. In five years, the
       amount to refinance is $50,000. Reason for 8% because lender is 
       not a bank, no one else loan to us. With no personal 
       guarantees, this is thebest we can do. How much money we bring and 
       what is the mortgage? $285.00 a month is currently being donor 
       allocated for the building fund and we pay $100 a month to the
       Pride center for a total of $395. There is some gap between $476 
       and $395. `Barbara`_ has no concerns about purchasing
       building.

       Meeting Home committee then talked about how we can bring the building 
       up to what we want. Renovation done in mind of Quaker testimonies. 
       External architect proposed two different ideas: 
    
         1. $32,000 with kitchen and bathrooms in the back
  
         2. $21,000 with kitchen in current bastimal.

       We wanted to know what it cost but we can't do either one of them. Is 
       the Meeting okay with outdoor access to bathrooms for
       the next five years. We might provide a umbrella for Friends use. Can 
       Friends use restrooms as they are for up to the next five years. *The 
       Meeting is unity and it is not an obstacle for us to use restroom for up 
       to the next five years.*

       `Genie`_ asked if we can cover both rent payment and mortgage during? 
       We can with prudient reserve and the first mortgage payment isn't due 
       until a month after contract signed.   
       
       Next, a crime report was presented by `Carlton`_. He said it was nice 
       to talk to police as purchaser of church. Police have 7-10 day 
       turnaround for crime report but there is website with neighborhood
       crime statistics. He looked at crime calls in the neighborhood within 
       two blocks in every direction. In past month there were 37 police 
       calls, 18 had to do with suspicious persons or disorderly
       conduct, 11 property crimes, and 4 violent calls near Prospect lake on 
       the opposite side of Hancock. Fairly normal neighboorhood. In the summer
       calls go up, with 50% calls have to do disorderly conduct and 25% with 
       property. Compare with other neighboorhood. Went to
       Pride center, crime report. No calls around Pride center, 1
       burglary call in the past month. Along Platte and Pikes Peak, 
       a plethora of calls. Pride center and the church property 
       are equivalent. 

       `Joyce`_ lived in neighboorhood for past 12 years, and she hasen't
       personal experienced any crime, only a couple of noise complients. Up 
       until 1990s, this was a bad neighboorhood with crack houses and 
       murders. Part of what neighborhood committee did was bring in Police to 
       saturate and cleaned up neightberhood. `Joyce`_ never heard of anything
       wrong, primary residential verse commercial. Quakers will contibute to 
       the improvement of the neighborhood.  

       Approval of $1,000 for new roof deductible and new gutters only if 
       Meeting approves and goes forward with purchase of Meeting? 
       *Yes.* 

       Question asked about building fund? Up to $12,000-23,000 after 
       down-payment without the prudent reserve. `Genie`_ suggested
       that `Brian`_ invoice us for his services with a in-kind donation in 
       bookkeeping, useful for grants. We would need to cover any
       closing expenses. 

       `Bill`_ suggested we create a new holiday, St. Murpheygate for every 
       March Sundays in the future. He also commended `Ginger`_'s diligence 
       and faith, clearly and simplify this process and we all are deeply 
       appreciate of `Molly`_'s efforts as well. `Ginger`_ invited us to join 
       in celebratory silence with a whoop of celebration afterwards. 

       We are interested in moving forward with this property? *Yes*.

       In unity about adjusting offer price by Friends counter lower price 
       given our discussion? *Yes.* 
       
       Do we have approval with the Clerk, Meeting Home committee, and 
       `Brian`_ to adjustment price? *Yes*. If the seller
       balks at adjustment, sense of Friends to go further with current 
       selling price or should we continue to go further? No wiggle room? 
       Flexibility and area of negotiation, clarity of Meeting? 

       Meeting Home recommends that committee have the flexility to 
       lower purchase price by what ever amount they feel
       proper to lower or move forward with the initial price? If the price 
       is the same, we have enough to make building usable, other major 
       upgrades depends on funding. We can do some renovations but not all. 
       Approve worst scenario of 96,000 or flexiblity to reduce price? Clerk 
       has the right to sign on behalf of Meeting. Clarity and unity among
       Clerk and Meeting Home committee. *Approve and reach unity move 
       forward in flexiblity to reduce offer price or pay up to full 
       amount including new roof*. 

       Meeting Home recommends we reserve $8,000 for new heater just in case. 
       *Yes*. `Bill`_ complimented clerk and meetings
       in the process, one of the best processes he has seen. One thing to 
       help create, `Bill`_ very impressed with Home
       Committee thoroughness and clarity in a complex situation with 
       multiple changes. 

       `Sarah`_ would like to meet with Meeting Home committee about how to 
       reserve for furnace. A deep dept of gratitude was expressed
       towards `Molly`_, `Carlton`_, `Julie`_, `Brian`_, and `Ann`_ with 
       Murphy Constuction for their work as well. Closing
       could happen this week. Finance and Meeting Home committees have 
       conversations after closing of house.  
      
  d. Education Committee

      Suspend next week's `First Day` school for spring break. Suggest 
      breaking up Education committee reports.

   e. Library

      Acknowledge `Ginger`_'s donation of five books, and `Bill`_ and 
      `Genie`_ donation of a book on Rufus Jones.

5. Old Business

   i. Consideration of purchase of 950 E. Cimmarron

6. New Business
  

7. Announcements

   1. Look at Rufus Jones and other Quakers for April's topic of  
      `Adult Religious Education and Social Action`_ committee.
      Not just a course for next years, but also have outside programs 
      with guest speakers. Clerk will work on this matter.

   2. Book group will meet for a session, `Molly`_ has more details.
       
Meeting closed with celebratory silence at 1:23pm.

Respectfully submitted in the light,

Jeremy Nelson

Recording Clerk

.. _`Ann`: /Friends/AnnDaugherty/
.. _`Ann Daugherty`: /Friends/AnnDaugherty/
.. _`Barbara`: /Friends/BarbaraBowen/
.. _`Barbara Bowen`: /Friends/BarbaraBowen/
.. _`Brian`: /Friends/BrianMurphy/
.. _`Brian Murphy`: /Friends/BrianMurphy/
.. _`Bill`: /Friends/BillDurland/
.. _`Bill Durland`: /Friends/BillDurland/
.. _`Genie`: /Friends/GenieDurland/
.. _`Genie Durland`: /Friends/GenieDurland/
.. _`Carlton`: /Friends/CarltonGamer/
.. _`Carlton Gamer`: /Friends/CarltonGamer/
.. _`Dede`: /Friends/Dede
.. _`Lisa`: /Friends/LisaLister/
.. _`Ginger`: /Friends/GingerMorgan/
.. _`Ginger Morgan`: /Friends/GingerMorgan/
.. _`Jeremy`: /Friends/JeremyNelson/
.. _`Jeremy Nelson`: /Friends/JeremyNelson/
.. _`John`: /Friends/JohnGallegar
.. _`Joyce`: /Friends/JoyceDoyle/
.. _`Joyce Doyle`: /Friends/JoyceDoyle/
.. _`Julie`: /Friends/JulieRoten-Valdez/
.. _`Julie Roten-Valdez`: /Friends/JulieRoten-Valdez/
.. _`Linda`: /Friends/LindaSeger
.. _`Linda Seger`: /Friends/LindaSeger
.. _`Martha`: /Friends/MarthaLutz/
.. _`Molly`: /Friends/MollyWingate/
.. _`Molly Wingate`: /Friends/MollyWingate/
.. _`Peter`: /Friends/PeterLeVar/
.. _`Peter LeVar`: /Friends/PeterLeVar/
.. _`Sarah`: /Friends/SarahCallbeck/
.. _`Sarah Callbeck`: /Friends/SarahCallbeck/
.. _`Adult Religious Education and Social Action`: /committees/REA
.. _`First Day School`: /committees/Education
.. _`Finance Committee`: /committees/Finance
.. _`Friends Journal`: http://www.friendsjournal.org/
.. _`Friends of Seville`: /
.. _`Meeting Home`: /committees/MeetingHouse
.. _`M&O`: /committees/MinistryAndOversight
.. _`Western Friend`: http://westernfriend.org/
.. _`Library`: /committees/Library
