Date: 2015-05-17T11:20:00

[AnnDaugherty]: /Friends/AnnDaugherty
[AnnGrantMartin]: /Friends/AnnGrantMartin
[BillDurland]: /Friends/BillDurland
[BillWerling]: /Friends/BillWerling
[CarltonGamer]: /Friends/CarltonGamer
[GenieDurland]: /Friends/GenieDurland
[JohnRobey]: /Friends/JohnRobey
[LindaSegar]: /Friends/LindaSegar
[LisaLister]: /Friends/LisaLister
[MollyWingate]: /Friends/MollyWingate
[PhilFriesen]: /Friends/PhilFriesen
[SarahCallback]: /Friends/SarahCallback


# Meeting for Worship with a Concern for Business**

Colorado Springs Friends Meeting

17th day of Fifth Month, 2015

Present: Sorry, the Acting Recording Clerk forgot to note who was
present.

We began with silence followed by a reading from *Quaker Journals* by
Howard Brinton, in which Rufus Jones relates his childhood experience of
family silence *(p. 9-10).*

The minutes from Fourth Month, 2015 were approved.

1.  Committee Reports:

    1.  **Meetinghouse Committee** - accepted

        1.  The FGC Friends Meetinghouse Fund granted us $1,000 to replace the
            basement windows.

        1.  Because of unprecedented amounts of rain in May, there has been
            ongoing flooding in the basement. Furniture has been ruined and
            hauled away. Several Friends did a great deal of work day after day
            continually pumping out the water and handling the mess. For this,
            the Meeting thanks them all heartily.

        1.  The Meetinghouse Committee has gotten and assessment from a
            hydro-engineer, who recommends that we install a sump pump in the
            floor on the basement. Even though flooding may not happen often, it
            was felt this problem needs as long-term fix, as this is the second
            time it has flooded since we moved in. Quotes for the work will be
            gathered.

        1.  Plan for emergency response to meetinghouse issues: The Meetinghouse
            Committee is compiling a list of those willing to help in case of
            emergency. Help can be as simple as making phone calls to
            contractors or other Friends, being available to open the meeting
            house for people to work on the building, lending tools, organizing
            a work crew, or picking up a tool at the time of the emergency. If
            you are willing to receive a phone call to help out, please send
            tell [Molly Wingate][MollyWingate] and tell her the best way to contact you and what
            you are willing to do.

        1.  Preliminary guidelines for use of the meetinghouse were presented
            (see Meetinghouse Committee minutes for details). We will consider
            approving them at the next Meeting for Business.

    1.  **Ministry and Oversight Committee** - verbal report accepted

    1.  A report from Ministry & Oversight about the Meeting's service to an
        elder Friend was shared:

            This winter the Ministry and Oversight Committee was made aware of
            the desperate needs of one our elder members. Accordingly, we
            suggested that our Meeting participate in a service project to collect
            monetary and food donations for our Friend, a long-time member of our
            Meeting. 

            As a result, Friends in the Meeting brought designated groceries and
            contributed what they could. By the end of April we were able to
            deliver several items of food as well as $300.00. Two members of our
            Meeting visited at different times to deliver these goods and enjoyed
            the time with our elder Friend. She was very appreciative of our
            donations and thoroughly enjoyed the Quakerly contact. One member has
            driven our Friend on several occasions to various places that she
            needed to go.

            We will stay in closer touch with her and provide continued
            assistance as we are able.

            *In the Light, *

            *[Ann Grant Martin][AnnGrantMartin] , Clerk of Ministry and Oversight*

    1.  The following annual State of the Meeting was **approved** and will
        be submitted to Intermountain Yearly Meeting:

            **State of the Meeting, May, 2015**

            The Colorado Springs Religious Society of Friends continues to
            prosper in the search for the Truth. After more than 50 years as a
            Meeting, we moved into our Meeting House in May, 2012. We remain of
            modest size but continue to slowly grow and contribute to the greater
            Quaker and Peace communities. 

            Presently we have 16 members, about 16 attenders and 3 junior members
            and/or attenders. We are heartened that the number of visitors has
            increased and a few of those have become regular attenders. Two
            members transferred their membership and one withdrew.*

            Children and Young Friends are infrequent attenders. However, we do
            have a well stocked First Day School room and teachers ready to teach.
            We look forward to the time when we have a more vigorous First Day
            School program. Our adult Religious Education program recently began
            studying *The Essential Elias Hicks* by Paul Buckley.

            We have monthly work days and have continued landscaping our yard
            during those days. Our corner is looking better and better.

            Other activities include: supporting [Bill][BillDurland] and [Genie Durland][GenieDurland] sojourn
            to Pendle Hill. They were invited to be Friends in Residence for the
            spring term. [Bill][BillDurland] and [Genie][GenieDurland have also produced several plays for
            reader's theater that have been well received by the community. The
            latest play is a parody on Old Testament violence and how it fed into
            modern Middle East conflicts. In November we enjoyed Soup and Sharing.
            Held in a Friend's home, it was well attended. Our queries were *Why I
            am a Quaker, Why do I come to Meeting and What has Quakerism
            contributed to our community It was an evening that brought local
            Friends closer together. Several participated in our 5^th^ Sunday
            Occasional Book Club. In May we hosted a reader's theater performance
            of "Seeds of Change: Toward Right Relationship with America's Native
            Peoples." Several members of our meeting took part. We are very
            excited that our Meeting has come to unity about committing to the
            first stage of the QuakerQuest, *a program developed by Friends General
            Conference that is a A dynamic and transformative inreach and
            outreach process based on the experience that the Quaker way is a
            spiritual path for our time that is simple, radical, and
            contemporary.*

            We continue to prosper and benefit from the many talents and
            contributions of Friends. We look forward to continued growth and
            Spiritual Light in the coming year.

    1.  **Nominating Committee:**

        [John Robey][JohnRobey] was nominated to serve as a member of the Finance
        Committee. This nomination was **approved** with many thanks.

        The Nominating Committee is seeking a Recording Clerk for the
        Meeting. In the interim, Genie has agreed to fill in.

    1.  **Finance Committee -** accepted

        We welcomed [John][JohnRobey] to our Committee.

        The Cash Flow Report was discussed and gratefully accepted. We
        discussed our emergency reserve funds, and established that we
        should have sufficient funds set aside to handle repairs to the
        basement.

        Several people verbally stated that they planned to donate to cover
        QuakerQuest costs. Please earmark this donation for QuakerQuest, and
        give it to [Sarah][SarahCallback] or [Lisa][LisaLister]. You can 
        also put the donation in the donation box.
        

2.  **Other Reports:**

    1.  [Ann Daugherty][AnnDaugherty] reported on attending Colorado Regional Meeting in
        Boulder, which focused on a session on "The New Jim Crow."

3.  **Old Business:**

    1.  The police have asked if we wish to have input on the sentencing of
        the man who stole our checks from the front porch of the meeting.
        [Bill Durland][BillDurland] has followed-up on this issue and reports that he has
        passed on our hope that a suitable alternative to prison might be
        considered. Since there are multiple charges against him (not just
        our theft), we do not know how much weight our statement will carry.


    1.  Lisa has sent out a poll in an attempt to determine the best
        Saturday to hold our day-long QuakerQuest internal workshop. The
        following 3 dates as options for the day-long workshop Sept. 26,
        Sept. 12 and Oct. 3. Lisa will pass these on to the QuakerQuest
        team.

4.  **Announcements:**

    1.  The **adult education book study and discussion group** is normally
        held on the 2nd Sunday at the rise of meeting. We are reading *The
        Essential Elias Hicks*.  Bill and Genie are facilitating the
        discussion. Because of many absences during the summer, we plan to
        postpone the group until fall.

    1.  The Meeting now has a P.O. Box at the downtown station. If you are
        mailing checks or important letters, please use this box address:

            Colorado Springs Friends Meeting

            c/o *the name of the person here*

            P.O. Box 2073

            Colorado Springs, CO 80901-2073

    1.  Several people verbally stated that they planned to donate to cover
        QuakerQuest costs. Please earmark this donation for QuakerQuest, and
        give it to [Sarah][SarahCallback] or [Lisa][LisaLister]. You can 
        also put the donation in the
        donation box.

    1.  We are hosting the Colorado Regional Planning Committee Meeting May
        31. Please bring potluck feed and enjoy socialized with Friends in
        the region before their meeting.

Submitted in the Light,

[Lisa Lister][LisaLister], acting recording clerk

**APPENDICES**

Minutes from [Finance](/ and [Meetinghouse](/ committees follow.



