Date: 2014-01-09T14:30:00

[AnnDaugherty]: /Friends/AnnDaugherty
[DanielKidney]: /Friends/DanielKidney
[MollyWingate]: /Friends/MollyWingate

# Meetinghouse Committee Minutes

January 9, 2014

In attendance: [Ann Daugherty][AnnDaugherty] and [Molly Wingate][MollyWingate]

1.  We will continue to search out the source of the musty odor in the front of 
    the meetinghouse. [Molly][MollyWingate] thinks it is the foyer carpet and 
    has used Lysol to try to get rid of it. We'll keep our noses on it.

2.  We discussed future projects for the building. One is restoring the windows 
    to full function and to weatherize them. Molly will look into Colorado 
    Historic Funding grants for this project.

3.  Painting the outside trim. We are in pretty good shape and we suggest 
    waiting to do any painting, especially if we are going to be able to 
    restore the windows.

4.  Add a handicapped entrance to the front of the building, repair the 
    rotting front door sill, and get more energy efficient doors (that 
    are more attractive, too). We think this project might be perfect for an FGC 
    Meetinghouse Grant (up to $5,000) and will seek out bids. If putting an ADA 
    entrance on the front is too expensive, we will look into adding one to the 
    back, as was planned in early drawings of an addition.

5.  We discussed the proposed addition. We agreed that the addition is worth 
    pursuing: it would allow us to declutter the worship area and make it more 
    aesthetically appealing, to make the bathroom situation more comfortable for 
    visitors (and us), and would make the building more saleable, should we 
    decide to move. We discussed a variety of ways to finance the addition, 
    including refinancing our loan. 

    We still await construction bids.

6.  [Molly][MollyWingate] mentioned that she would like to patch the old floor openings for the 
    gravity heaters. She will get a bid. This might help reduce the noise of 
    the furnace during worship.

7.  We will meet with [Lisa Lister][LisaLister] to discuss landscaping projects 
    for the spring/summer so we can help to accomplish them.
    [Molly][MollyWingate] mentioned the idea put forward by [Julie Roten-Valdez][JulieRotenValdez] 
    to put a flagstone patio alongside the north side of the building near the little fence.

We adjourned and happily noted that the motion lights at the front and back doors are operating 
properly. Thank you, [Daniel Kidney][DanielKidney], for replacing the light bulbs and also for cleaning out the gutters!
