Date: 2014-01-19T11:20:00

[AnnDaugherty]: /Friends/AnnDaugherty
[BillWerling]: /Friends/BillWerling
[BillDurland]: /Friends/BillDurland
[CarltonGamer]: /Friends/CarltonGamer
[GenieDurland]: /Friends/GenieDurland
[JeremyNelson]: /Friends/JeremyNelson
[LisaLister]: /Friends/LisaLister
[PeterLeVar]: /Friends/PeterLeVar
[MollyWingate]: /Friends/MollyWingate
[SarahCallbeck]: /Friends/SarahCallbeck

# Minutes for Meeting for Worship with a Concern for Business

### Colorado Springs Friends Meeting

### First Month 2014

In Attendance: [Ann Daugherty][AnnDaugherty], [Sarah Callbeck][SarahCallbeck], [Carlton Gamer][CarltonGamer], 
[Lisa Lister][LisaLister], [Molly Wingate][MollyWingate]

1.  Started at 11:28 am with Opening silence

    Reading from British Yearly Meeting:

    > Be aware of the spirit of God at work in the originary activities and experience of your daily
    life. Spiritual learning continues throughout life, and often in unexpected ways. There is 
    inspiration to be found all around us, in the natural world, in the science and arts, in our 
    work and friendships, in our sorrows as as well as in our joys. Are you open to new light, 
    from whatever source it may come? Do you approach new ideas with discernment?
    (page 6)

2.  Acceptance of Twelfth Month Minutes:

    [http://coloradospringsquakers.org/meetings/Business/2013/12](http://coloradospringsquakers.org/meetings/Business/2013/12)
    Minutes accepted provisionally

3.  Clerk's Report:  The clerk asks for your patience and support as she 
    begins this new position in service to the Meeting.  She is thankful for
    [Molly][MollyWingate]'s excellent and dedicated work as clerk, which has 
    strengthened our Meeting.

4.  Committee Reports

    1.  Finance Committee new meeting time and place, meeting time second 1st day
        at 11:30 after Meeting for Worship. Following a suggestion by Meeting House committee, 
        a generous bequest from a recently deceased friend that we fully fund the 
        Meeting reserves as :
 
        *.  $540 towards reserves for three months of utilities payments
 
        *.  $10 towards emergency fund to place it at a fully funded $575 plus monthly dividends
  
        *.  $1,430 towards reserves for three months of mortgage payments
 
        The finance committee request the following queries to be considered:

        1.  Does the Meeting approve of the Meeting House Committee's  suggestion to use some of
            the bequest for building reserve needs?
  
        2.  Does the Meeting approve of the Finance Committee's proposal as to how
            to distribute the bequest?
        
        [Ann][AnnDaugherty] brought up that various Friends travel expenses have increased, 
        that the remaining $3,020 be for some other purpose. [Molly][MollyWingate] expressed her desire to 
        keep the funds together to honor the Friend's bequest. [Molly][MollyWingate] and 
        [Carlton][CarltonGamer] to create a new seed funds for the new addition with this money into a 
        new savings account at ENT. [Sarah][SarahCallbeck] talked about the importance of 
        being a good steward of Friends donations.

        After a moment of silence, the meeting approved the finance committee's proposal 
        to fully fund the topping up the reserves and creating a new savings account
        with the remaining funds as seed money. 
  
        Cash flow went down because of our distributions and other expenses not budgeted,
        utilities expense significantly lower than last year. [Sarah][SarahCallbeck] went over
        financial reports from the Meeting. In the Revenue statement, the positive sum in the general fund should be 
        celebrated as it shows that Meeting is operating but the building fund is negative. 
        We do building projects when the money is available from monies received as donations and
        the negative balance in this building account reflects budgeted projects and does not 
        reflect unbudgeted expenses. In the balance sheet report, total liabilities and net assets 
        of the meeting in 2013 was $106,294.47. The Meeting expressed gratitude for the work done on 
        these reports and accepted the Finance report. 

    1.  Ministry and Oversight Committee (Minutes attached), February 4th at 11am. 
        [Molly][MollyWingate] suggested that the Meeting minutes to not include names of Friends in the 
        minutes in order to preserve privacy. [Carlton][CarltonGamer] was also surprised with the inclusion of 
        personal names in the report that will posted publicly. Friends mentioned the 
        concerns of putting names in the official minutes. The minutes for M&O would not be 
        made publicly. 

        M&O is requested to clarify the membership of a Friend and if he is officially a member of the 
        meeting. 

        Next M&O meeting will be on February 4th 2014 at 11am.

        The concerns of Friends privacy in M&O report and what should be included in the Meeting public 
        presence on website will be brought to M&O by [Jeremy][JeremyNelson].

    1.  First Day School - [Molly][MollyWingate] will be leading a session on ecological justice and requests any
        Friends to come and assist her. 

    1.  Adult Education - Committee put down until a Friend feels moved to take the lead.

    1.  Peace and Social Concerns Committee - No report.

    1.  Library - No report.

    1.  Meetinghouse Committee (Minutes attached)

        Meeting House has a couple of projects including making the windows fully functionality, looking at a 
        ramp for ADA and a fixed front door. Meeting House committee discussed the addition and 
        looking at ways to fund the new addition. 

        ADA compliant project [Molly][MollyWingate] will go out and get a bid and [Lisa][LisaLister] 
        will pursue applying for FGC Meetinghouse Grant. 

        Report accepted with gratitude.
        
5.  Old Business

    1.  Fall Query:  [Genie][GenieDurland] needs to submit a response to IMYM.  
        Please consider these questions carefully and come to Business Meeting 
        prepared to share your reflections.  You may also email [Genie][GenieDurland] directly at 
        Durlandwe@gmail.com
        
        > As a Yearly Meeting what do we value in providing programming for youth? What does 
        your meeting want to see in youth programming at IMYM?  In particular, what 
        suggestions does your meeting have for keeping a vital and loving Junior Young 
        Friends program at IMYM?  What are your leadings about support for Middle School youth?


        [Lisa][LisaLister] has already sent her personal thoughts to [Genie][GenieDurland] on these queries. 
        [Molly][MollyWingate] spoke
        about how her children have benefited enormously in past from IMYM youth programming. 
        [Molly][MollyWingate] is happy
        to volunteer to run a session slow parenting programming at IMYM. We as a meeting strongly
        support IMYM youth program with young friends of the meeting having benefit. Friends 
        are encouraged to send any thoughts to [Genie][GenieDurland].

    1.  Would we like to hold a workshop on the Doctrine of Discovery? 

        Boulder meeting is available to conduct workshops on the Doctrine of 
        Discovery and Indigenous People's rights.  Friends should know that 
        there may be a minute about the Doctrine of Discovery proposed for 
        June Gathering and meetings are encouraged to learn about it and schedule time for 
        the powerful workshop Boulder can provide.

        Please note: There are 4 attachments dealing with this issue in more 
        detail, along with the proposed minute.       

        [Molly][MollyWingate] suggests that this program would be of interest to the 
        larger Colorado Springs community groups and religious organizations but she
        doesn't feel called to organize the session. This idea will be seasoned and
        brought up at next Meeting for Worship.   

6.  New Business
 
7.  Announcements

    Eric Moon will be giving a presentation on April 19th  at Boulder Meeting, 
    "Meeting the Testimonies Again for the First Time." See attached announcement.

    When would the occasional book group like to meet to discuss Back Bench by Margaret Hope Bacon?

    Over the past couple weeks people have found the Meeting through the website. 

Reminders

Our website: [coloradospringsquakers.org](http://www.coloradospringsquakers.org).  All business meeting minutes and 
reports will be available on line.  Our calendar of events is there also. 

Please put events at the meetinghouse on the paper calendar on the bulletin 
board and let [Lisa Lister][LisaLister] and [Bill Werling][BillWerling] know.  
[Bill][BillWerling] is the calendar keeper for now and he will enter it on
Google calendar so the event will be listed on our website.  You can subscribe 
to get reminders and updates automatically.  

If you are part of a group or know of a group who would like to use the 
meeting house, please have them contact Ann Martin who is excited about.

Friends are welcome to use the meetinghouse during the week and to open it for 
Sunday worship. The key to the building is always available in the lock box on 
the ladies' room door.  We have created a one-sheet set of directions for 
opening and closing the building.  Call [Molly][MollyWingate], [Lisa Lister][LisaLister], 
[Ann Daugherty][AnnDaugherty], [Bill Werling][BillWerling], [Peter Le Var][PeterLeVar] or 
the Durlands for the code to open the lock box.

Closed with a moment of silence at 12:50pm.

Respectively submitted in the light

[Jeremy Nelson][JeremyNelson]

(Acting Recording Clerk for [Bill Werling][BillWerling])
