Meetinghouse Committee Minutes
==============================

June 7, 2012
------------

In attendance: [Ann Daughtery](/Friends/AnnDaughtery/) (clerk), [Molly
Wingate](/Friends/MollyWingate/), [Daniel
Kidney](/Friends/DanielKidney/)

1.  We agreed to have a regular meeting. The second Thursday of each
    month at 5:15 PM. All are welcome.

2.  Roof: We learned that the sellerâ€™s insurance company will put
    approximately \$6,000 into repairing/replacing the roof. They are
    only willing to replace the west side of the roof. This is not
    exactly what we thought the deal was, but
    [Ann](/Friends/AnnDaughtery/) has made it work. We can replace the
    entire roof for approximately \$8000 if we are willing to let the
    roofer put up a sign for a while. We have already reserved \$1,000
    for the roof and now we will have to put in another \$1,000 to have
    a new roof.

    We recommend that Meeting approve this expense.

3.  The heater: Currently one of our heaters is not functional. We
    turned them both off entirely while refinishing the floor and one
    would not come back on. We will have a bid for repairs by the time
    of business meeting. [Ann](/Friends/AnnDaughtery/) is getting a bid
    for replacing the heating system, without air conditioning. At that
    time, we will determine the best path.

    As of our meeting, we recommend repairing the heater using the funds
    from the prudent reserve for the heater.

4.  [Daniel](/Friends/DanielKidney/) will take a look at the loose
    lighting fixture in the meeting room and determine if he can fix it.

5.  [Daniel](/Friends/DanielKidney/) will also create a "quick and
    dirty" way of opening a window in the basement. When he returns from
    his trip, he will look into coming up with a better plan for opening
    both windows.

6.  [Ann](/Friends/AnnDaughtery/) will get a bid for putting electrical
    heat and electrical outlets in the basement.

7.  We suggest that there be formed a "Grounds" committee or
    subcommittee since the Meetinghouse is focused on making sure the
    building is safe and heated for the winter. Molly had a teenager who
    needs community service hours mow and trim trees.

8.  We request that we have a monthly meetinghouse workday. We think we
    could do a good job with 2 hours a month to do maintenance, house
    cleaning, and a project of some kind.

    We ask that Meeting suggest a day and time or/and give us any other
    ideas.

9.  In July, we will address the acoustics issue with [Jenny
    Roberts](/Friends/JenniferRoberts/) providing information. We will
    also address painting the exterior trim;
    [Daniel](/Friends/DanielKidney/) will get the peeling paint tested
    for lead.


