Date: 2012-06-10T10:42:00

Minutes for Meeting for Worship with a Concern for Business
===========================================================

June 10, 2012
-------------

In Attendance: [Ginger Morgan](/Friends/GingerMorgan/) (clerk), [Molly
Wingate](/Friends/MollyWingate/), [Lisa Lister](/Friends/LisaLister/),
[Martha Lutz](/Friends/MarthaLutz/), [Carlton
Gamer](/Friends/CarltonGamer/), [Ann Daugherty](/Friends/AnnDaugherty/),
[Jeremy Nelson](/Friends/JeremyNelson/), [Joyce
Doyle](/Friends/JoyceDoyle/), [Daniel Kidney](/Friends/DanielKidney/),
[Jennifer Roberts](/Friends/JenniferRoberts/)

1.  Open Worship in Silence 11:42am

    Thinking this morning of the practice of graditute, power spiritual
    practice around perspective. How does it relate to Friends
    testimonies? Most obvious answer to Ginger graditute supports
    simplicity. An acknowledgement of what is good, a letting go of what
    we don't have, kind of craving that Buddhist. Graditute for what is
    good. Never made that connection, associated with graditute new age
    or 12 steps programs, new insight on how graditute supports
    simplicity.

2.  Approval of May minutes Yes, any corrections or concerns? Meeting
    approves and accepts the Minutes for fifth month.

3.  Cash Flow Report Questions or clarifications? Beginning balance in
    May \$3,544.27, deposited in May \$586.03, transfer of \$5,656.97
    from Susan B. Anthony fund. Total outlays of \$12,637.65. Present
    balance 3,074.62.

    Emergency Reserve ENT Credit Union \$532.83, other reserves at ENT
    is 59.76. Current balance is 2,842.65. Reserve Fund at Friends
    Fiduciary is 2,715.26. \$305 in donations to General Fund and \$75
    for Building Fund.

4.  Committee Reports:

    a.  Finance Committee

        i.  Revised budget update

            The main reason to revise the budget was the new meeting
            house. Need to set certain set aside for insurance. The
            mortgage is a new account. Waiting for amortization schedule
            from the lender, other new accounts are maintenance account,
            hospitality supplies \$100, utilities \$175 a month based on
            actual cost.

            Finance committee report we are on track up-to-date, pledges
            and amount. We have a projected shortfall of \$4,000
            incoming although we have a prudent reserve to cover. We
            need to start figuring out to bring in more funds from
            renting out space and/or increase in donations. Increase of
            expenses include additional \$500 accounting services.

            Deepest graditute and especially to
            [Sarah](/Friends/SarahCallbeck/).

        ii. Dispersement recommendations

            Local distribution of \$100.00 with the updated list. New
            Foundations Nonviolence Center hasn't had a donation since
            Feb 2008. Facility workshops in Canon City. Good training
            for nonviolence. A lot of organizations that provide food,
            food supplies are running low. Food donations decrease in
            the summer. We have never given to Silver Key food bank.
            Ecumenical Services Ministries might know where need is
            greatest, they provide additional information on their
            services. Care & Share Food bank provides, split \$100,
            50/50 between Silver Key and Care & Share.

    b.  Nominating Committee

        i.  Replacement for [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/),
            [Jonathan](/Friends/JonathanMcPhee/) and
            [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) current members.
            [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) is standing down as she
            assumes Clerk duties. [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/)
            service is opportunity for spiritual growth and service.
            Spirit will move. What is the charge of the Nominating
            Committee? Find Friends to fulfill and match talents and
            experiences with opportunities for services. Let
            [Jonathan](/Friends/JonathanMcPhee/) know if you are
            interested. Question, can you have a committee with just one
            member? No, also committee member needs to be able to attend
            meeting.

    c.  Ministry and Oversight

        i.  [Val Phillips](/Friends/ValPhillips/) transfer of
            membership. [Val](/Friends/ValPhillips/) wants to transfer
            her membership from Mountain Friends to Colorado Springs
            Meeting. She lives in Gardner, with intentional community
            and organic farms, not only Quakers there is a worship group
            under care of the Mountain Friends Meeting.

            M&O hasn't had a clearness committee with
            [Val](/Friends/ValPhillips/) but she has expressed interest.
            Need to have a clearness committee to see the way clear for
            both [Val](/Friends/ValPhillips/) and our meeting.
            [Bill](/Friends/BillDurland/) can schedule a clearness
            committee for [Val](/Friends/ValPhillips/) to transfer,
            [Bill](/Friends/BillDurland/) and
            [Val](/Friends/ValPhillips/) will come up with the clearness
            committee. M&O will make recommendation if they find
            clearness to transfer [Val](/Friends/ValPhillips/)'s
            membership.

        ii. Gardner Worship Group Request for care of Gardner Worship
            Group, does the Colorado Springs Meeting have the capacity
            for this? [Bill](/Friends/BillDurland/),
            [Genie](/Friends/GenieDurland/), and
            [Nancy](/Friends/NancyAndrew/). Does Colorado Springs
            Meeting have the ability to nurture the Worship Group to
            become a full Monthly Meeting.

            It would be advisability if Colorado Springs Meeting worship
            with Gardner Worship Group.

            Transfer of [Val](/Friends/ValPhillips/)'s membership is the
            first step towards accepting care for Gardner Worship Group
            by Meeting. Expectations of Monthly Meeting towards Worship
            Groups under its care.

        iii. Memorial for Dede Martha has been contact with Dede's
            daughter Jennifer. She and her family are just doing one
            gathering on the 24th at Margirtias. When
            [Martha](/Friends/MarthaLutz/) knows the exact time, she
            will forward announcement to Meeting.

        iv. M&O has a discretionary funds for Philip Brasfield
            contribution.

        v.  Meeting recommends that M&O use Faith and Practice mission
            statement. M&O work on calendar of requirements and process
            during the year. Incoming clerk request to all committees
            that they know their responsibilities, reports including
            State of Meeting report, census, and membership.

            Hope to finish with yearly contact of meetings members and
            attenders.

    d.  Meeting House

        i.  Work days at meeting house, easiest if Work Day is after the
            forth first day after meeting.

        ii. Roof repair, things weren't as seemed, seller's insurance
            company will only replace the Westside of the roof. For
            another \$1,000 we can get a whole new roof. We are
            receiving \$6,083 from Seller's insurance, cost \$8,800.43
            to replace the whole root. Don't think they need to replace
            wood shake singles. Remove two layers of asphalt shingles
            and first plywood.

            Two things that are pending; hail damage price increase for
            supplies. Ginger needs copies of contract. Finance committee
            approves. What about other bids? Biggest issue is the
            steepness of the roof, many roofing contractors would not
            provide bid due to liability.

            Might start in the next week or two if contract is signed.
            Include new East side gutter. Could the Meetinghouse
            Committee with the Finance committee coordinate agree to
            move forward with guttering? Seamless gutters? Yes. Sense of
            the meeting to give Meetinghouse and Finance approval go
            ahead to move forward about replacement and adding gutters
            and report back to the Meeting.

        iii. Heater repair Got a bid about fixing furnace? Can we live
            with just one heater? One won't light. Need more
            investigation. Is there a way for someone to look at
            non-working furnace. One challenge is that due to the age of
            the heaters is parts are available. Can heater be repaired
            easily? All duct work with 90% efficiency furnace is \$8k,
            additional \$3k for Air Conditioning. Not sure if we need
            AC. Clarification, two things will happen.

            1.  hire expert to see about repairing existing furnace.

            2.  [Jennifer](/Friends/JenniferRoberts/) will investigate
                alternative.

            3.  If repair is under \$200, then move forward out of
                renovation fund or furnace prudent reserve.

            What about plumbing? The plumbing in the bathrooms are
            protected with individual heaters.

        iv. [Daniel](/Friends/DanielKidney/) looking at fixing loose
            light and will work on a temporary solution to open the
            windows in the basement. [Ann](/Friends/AnnDaugherty/) will
            work on electric outlets and heaters in the basement.

            Question about hanging up bulletin board? Consider options.

            Recommend the formation of Grounds subcommittee to focus on
            outside, Meetinghouse committee focus on building. Sit with
            recommendation about the Grounds? Don't know if this needs
            another committee.

            Big tree not being watered. During work day, to run hose
            figure out how to water during Meeting.

    e.  First Day School Committee

        Wanting to revisit the schedule and strategy for First Day
        School? Best way to get in touch with Jon? Ginger will be
        following up.

    f.  Adult Religious Education and Action Committee

        Book group reading Eco-minded discussion tomorrow night at
        Meetinghouse. Send suggestions to [Ann
        Margret](/Friends/AnnGrantMargret/) for contacting and
        coordinate.

    g.  Library In progress, updating and moving books. Books on a
        shelf. Journals to be added on shelves. We have enough
        bookshelves in the Meeting.
        [Jennifer](/Friends/JenniferRoberts/) will be donating
        [Tup](/Friends/TupRoberts/) books and
        [Joyce](/Friends/JoyceDoyle/) will review. Retention policy for
        material. First step for [Joyce](/Friends/JoyceDoyle/) library
        retention policy, assume value for having material.

5.  Old Business

    a.  Haven't received any information about Colorado Regional
        assessments.

6.  New Business

    a.  State of Meeting Report Approval

    b.  IMYM Directory of Adult members and attenders

    c.  Friends Mountain Camp Queries from IMYM

    d.  Resignation of Clerk

    e.  Greeters for Meeting for Worship

        [Martha](/Friends/MarthaLutz/) good idea, helper for new
        attenders, willing to do it one time month. Might fall under M&O
        and Meeting coordinate greeters with
        [Maria](/Friends/MariaMelendez/). Mixed reactions, both positive
        and negative about use of name-tags. Friends who are interested
        to be greeters should contact [Maria](/Friends/MariaMelendez/).
        Ask M&O to come up with procedures for handling latecomers.

    f.  Philip Brasfield contribution

    g.  [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) would like to set up a matching
        fund grants for specific projects.
        [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) sends thanks with an opportunity
        for soliciting matching grants to donations \$3,000. People
        respond well to specific needs and costs.

    h.  Meeting consensus supports Friends Fiduciary disinvestiment from
        Caterpillar involvement in destroying Palestine home

    i.  Meeting would like to formally thank
        [Ginger](/Friends/GingerMorgan/) for her leadership and
        qualities as clerk, very, very very, very welcome.
        [Ginger](/Friends/GingerMorgan/) thank Meeting for supporting
        her since 1987 and a great honor to serve the meeting.

7.  Announcements

    a.  [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) is soliciting donations of yarn
        for a group that knits scarfs and hats for homeless veterans.

Meeting closed in slience at 1:25pm

Respectfully submitted in the Light,

[Jeremy Nelson](/Friends/JeremyNelson/), Recording Clerk
