===========================================================
Minutes for Meeting for Worship with a Concern for Business
===========================================================
December 11, 2011
-----------------

Attending:  `Bill`_ and `Genie Durland`_, `Deb Chitwood`_, 
`Jeremy Nelson`_, `Joyce Doyle`_ `Molly Wingate`_ (recording clerk), 
`Carlton Gamer`_ (clerk), `Ginger Morgan`_, `Lisa Lister`_

Opening Reading:  

    For Friends the most important consideration is not the right action in 
    itself but a right inward state out of which right action will arise. 
    Given the right inward state, right action is inevitable. Inward state 
    and outward action are component parts of a single whole.

1. Approval of November Minutes 

    –Approved as written.  

2. Cash Flow Report 

   All of our bank accounts are now with ENT Credit 
   Union; we are cleared out of Wells Fargo Bank.  There is a full report 
   attached.

3. Committee Reports:

    a. `Finance Committee`_ - `Lisa Lister`_ presented the final `budget for 2012`_.  
       
       Since the proposed budget was presented, we have gotten more 
       pledges, and we now can fully fund the proposed budget.  Thank you, 
       Friends, for supporting the Meeting. We are urged to remember that 
       the travel budget line is not fixed.  We can always rearrange the 
       budget and find more, if needed.  The 2012 budget was approved.
    
       Local donations:  Suggestions were made for Mesa House, Justice and 
       Peace Commission, Mountain Friends Camp.  It was decided to give 
       $100 to each.
    
    b. `Nominating Committee`_ -  `Genie Durland`_ presented the nominations. 

       * `Ginger Morgan`_ – Clerk

       * `Molly Wingate`_ and `Jonathan McPhee`_ – Nominating
   
       * `Carlton Gamer`_ – Meeting Home Committee
   
       Discussion ensued about the former Religious Education and Action 
       Committee that has de facto withered.  `Ginger`_ mentioned that 
       `Ministry and Oversight`_ has talked about the spiritual health of the 
       meeting and suggested that we discuss the ideas for religious 
       education and action in a potluck. `Joyce`_ added that she would 
       welcome a focused action from Friends that would be part of our 
       community. We discussed reinstituting the name of the 
       `Religious Education and Action`_ Committee and adding the members 
       and a charge later.  
    
       We gratefully accepted the nominations as presented and we ask each 
       committee to reflect on their configuration and what is needed to 
       complete their charge.  The `nomination committee`_ will work each 
       committee to ensure that committee have what the personnel they 
       need. `Ministry and Oversight`_ will season the idea of  Religious 
       Education and Action Committee and bring that deliberation back to 
       the meeting for consideration.
    
       We  also approved `John Gallagher`_ to serve as our representative to
       the Colorado Regional Meeting's Continuing Committee.  
    
   c. `Ministry and Oversight`_

      `M&O`_ contacts all members in inquire as to their affiliation with 
      the meeting.   There are some who are, for better or worse, missing 
      in action. `Ginger`_ asked for feedback about some people. We may 
      not have good contact information for Hal and Deb Gimpelson in
      New Zealand.  IN the case of Deneen Crandall, we have lost track of 
      where she is and haven’t had any contact with her, but we have 
      gotten assessment money from her. Charles Stoy was grateful for 
      contact the meeting some years ago, but `Ginger`_ has not gotten any
      response from contacts him recently. `Ginger`_ expressed that she is 
      unclear about keeping Charles on the list of members. We are 
      concerned to proceed carefully and thoughtfully. We urged `M&O`_ to 
      continue to try make contact, get updates from Deneen and Charlie, 
      and to get good contact information for Hal and Deb.
         
      `Connie Williams`_ wishes to stay affiliated with our meeting, even 
      though Buena Vista Worship Group has been laid down.  We approved 
      the following minute.
    
        After communication with Connie Williams, we have learned that the 
        Buena Vista Worship Groups is no longer meeting.  `Colorado Springs 
        Meeting`_ therefore lays down our care for that workshop group and 
        retains `Connie`_ as a member.
        
   d. `Education Committee`_ 

      We are thankful that `Jeremy Nelson`_ has offered to help with 
      `First Day School`_, and we welcome anyone who wishes to join the 
      ranks of teachers, occasionally or on a regular basis.
   
   e. `Meeting Home Committee`_

      We will be holding a special session to discuss lessons learned from 
      the process regarding 15 S. Wahsatch and to give the 
      `Meeting Home Committee`_ direction on Wednesday, December 14th from 
      5-7 PM at the Women’s Club building, 20 Mesa Road.  We hope for a 
      very good attendance.
   
   f. Library -  
   
      Circulation has improved as `Joyce`_ has put out books in combination
      with hospitality time.  `Bill Durland`_'s recently updated book about
      the Israeli/Palestine conflict is available in the library.
    
4. Old business
   
   a. Yearly Meeting Queries/Discussion topics. We were asked to forward any 
      comments to Continuing Committee concerning recommendations from the 
      IMYM Structure Task Force and from the FCNL group; we need not come 
      to unity on any of them.  Below are the recommendations followed by our 
      response to them.

      1. Recommendations concerning the structure of IMYM from the Structure Task Force.

         **Recommendation 1.** IMYM 2011.06  Intermountain Yearly Meeting should 
         continue to provide funds for travel when the representatives need 
         assistance.  The criteria for appointment should not include ability to 
         pay for travel.  Representatives should be able to request reimbursement 
         for their actual travel expenses (rather than according to a schedule).

         We think this is a great idea. Absolutely essential.

         **Recommendation 2.**  The Yearly Meeting should continue to appoint the 
         current number of representatives to Western Friend (3) and Friends 
         Peace Teams (1).  FWCC, FCNL, AFSC, and FGC should be limited to no 
         more than 3 representatives, and the representatives should be at 
         large rather than representing the regions.  Rather than simply 
         attempting to fill all positions, the Yearly Meeting should instead 
         appoint only representatives who feel a real leading to serve, 
         leaving representative positions vacant if no one with such a leading 
         can be found.
  
         We think the recommendation to have only at-large members may be too 
         diffuse. We suggest that the committee ask for specific feedback from 
         the current representatives to each organization and try again to reduce 
         the costs.  We also hope that we seek clarity about the financial 
         responsibility of who supports this external travel, IMYM or the group 
         to which we are sending representatives.

         **Recommendation 3.** To fund the growing need for financial aid to 
         attend Annual Gathering, the Yearly Meeting should provide financial 
         aid from the general fund by increasing Monthly Meeting assessments 
         rather than increasing the cost of attending the Annual Gathering.

         We think that this is a good idea.  The cost of IMYM should be kept within reach. 

         **Recommendation 4.** The Yearly Meeting's operating budget is entirely 
         funded by assessments from Monthly Meetings, and the Yearly Meeting is 
         not organized to manage or oversee projects.  In almost all cases, 
         financial support for specific causes and donations to other organizations 
         should continue to be a Monthly Meeting responsibility.  However, the 
         Yearly Meeting should also provide an orderly way—preferably with full 
         involvement by Monthly Meetings—for discerning whether the Yearly Meeting 
         should support a specific concern or make a donation to another organization.

         We support that the Yearly Meeting seek a way forward to create an 
         orderly method to consider financial support of causes and donations. 
         We are also concerned, however, that the yearly meeting has an 
         obligation to provide service and support to causes.  We wish that 
         IMYM structure itself in such a way that it will be able to extend itself.
 
         We would welcome the opportunity to consider these recommendations in 
         light of recommendations from the Stewardship and Service Committees.  

         They are most certainly going to impact each other. 
  
      2. Number of representative from IMYM to FCNL.  

         The Structure Task Force suggested that the number be reduced from 6 
         to 3.  We are to weigh the attached comments and pass our comments on to IMYM.  
         Please see our comments on recommendation 2.


5. New Business
 
   Bill reported that AFSC that is still in flux and sorting out its structure. 

Grateful for service from `Carlton Gamer`_ and `Molly Wingate`_ 
as outgoing Clerk and Recording Clerk.

Closed with silence at 1:10 PM

.. _`Ann`: /Friends/AnnDaugherty/
.. _`Ann Daugherty`: /Friends/AnnDaugherty/
.. _`Deb Chitwood`: /Friends/DebChitwood/
.. _`Bill`: /Friends/BillDurland/
.. _`Bill Durland`: /Friends/BillDurland/
.. _`Genie`: /Friends/GenieDurland/
.. _`Genie Durland`: /Friends/GenieDurland/
.. _`John Gallagher`: /Friends/John Gallagher
.. _`Carlton Gamer`: /friends/CarltonGamer/
.. _`Lisa`: /Friends/LisaLister/
.. _`Lisa Lister`: /Friends/LisaLister/
.. _`Ginger`: /Friends/GingerMorgan/
.. _`Ginger Morgan`: /Friends/GingerMorgan/
.. _`Jeremy`: /Friends/JeremyNelson/
.. _`Jeremy Nelson`: /Friends/JeremyNelson/
.. _`John`: /Friends/JohnGallegar/
.. _`Jonathan McPhee`: /Friends/JonathanMcPhee/
.. _`Joyce`: /Friends/JoyceDoyle/
.. _`Joyce Doyle`: /Friends/JoyceDoyle/
.. _`Julie Roten-Valdez`: /Friends/JulieRoten-Valdez/
.. _`Martha`: /Friends/MarthaLutz/
.. _`Molly`: /Friends/MollyWingate/
.. _`Molly Wingate`: /Friends/MollyWingate/
.. _`Peter`: /Friends/PeterLeVar/
.. _`Sarah`: /Friends/SarahCallbeck/
.. _`Sarah Callbeck`: /Friends/SarahCallbeck/
.. _`Connie`: /Friends/ConnieWilliams/
.. _`Connie Williams`: /Friends/ConnieWilliams/
.. _`M&O`: /committees/MinistryAndOversight/
.. _`Colorado Springs Meeting`: /
.. _`Meeting Home Committee`: /committees/MeetingHome
.. _`Ministry and Oversight`: /committees/MinistryAndOversight/
.. _`nomination committee`: /committees/Nominating/
.. _`Nominating Committee`: /committees/Nominating/
.. _`finance committee`: /committees/Finance/
.. _`Adult Education`: /committees/REA/ 
.. _`Adult Education and Action`: /committees/REA/
.. _`budget for 2012`: /committees/Finance/2012/budget
.. _`Education Committee`: /committees/Education/
.. _`First Day School`: /committees/Education/
.. _`Religious Society of Friends`: /history/ReligiousSocietyOfFriends
.. _`Religious Education and Action`: /committees/REA/
