Minutes  for Meeting for Worship for Business
=============================================
November 13, 2011
-----------------

In attendance: `Linda Seger`_, `Bill Werling`_, `Jeremy Nelson`_, 
`Lisa Lister`, Joyce Doyle, Genie Durland, Bill Durland, Ginger Morgan, Sarah Callbeck, Carlton Gamer (clerk), Molly Wingate (recording clerk)
We opened at 11:20 with a John Woolman reading from 1772: There is a principal which is pure, placed in the human minds, which in different places and ages hath had different names.  It is, however, pure and proceeds from God.  It is deep and inward, confined to no forms of religion, nor excluded from any, where the heart stands in perfect sincerity.  In whomsoever this takes root and grows, of what nation soever, they become brethren in the best sense of the expression.
Followed by silence.
1.       Approval of October Minutes – attached.  Accepted with thanks to Jeremy Nelson for standing in for Molly Wingate.
2.       Cash Flow Report :  see Finance Committee report (e)
3.       Committee Reports:
a.       Finance Committee
i. Committee report:
1. A concern about Friends Journal subscription.  They have raised their rate.  Conversation ensued about how we use the resource. We decided that we will subscribe to Friends Journal for two years for $90, which will be $12 over budget.
2. A concern about changing the schedule for business meeting so that we can have the cash flow reports for business meeting. Conversation ensued about shifting the meeting’s schedule.  We also discussed the issues involved in not having the most accurate financial information at meeting for worship for business. We decided to find out how the move would affect the Adult Education class and then decide at the next meeting for business if we can move to the third Sunday starting in January 2012.
3. Sarah presented the need for the meeting to hire out bookkeeper services.  We approved seeking out and paying for a bookkeeper. 
4. Draft budget discussion.  We have a few additional budget lines this year for a bookkeeper and bank charges.  
1. The bookkeeper charge is split between the general fund (2/3) and building fund (1/3).  If there is a need to draw more money out of the building fund to pay for the bookkeeper, the meeting would like to leave that decision to the Finance Committee without bringing it to business meeting.  
2. Bank charges are a new line item to cover fees charged by Paypal (3.4%) for donations that come in through our website. The charges are split between the building and general fund because the donations which accrue these charges are split between the funds.
3. The building fund was explained with few questions asked.
4. The draft budget was accepted with gratitude and we look forward to the final budget at the December meeting 2011.
1. Sarah presented the September and October cash flow reports. These reports are attached.  The gist of the reports is that we can  close out the Wells Fargo accounts and do all of our business with ENT Credit Union.  The finance committee is considering setting up some other reserve accounts.  We are operating well.  
2. Sarah presented the revenue and balance sheets for the third quarter of 2011.   They are attached.  The reports were accepted with gratitude.  
3. Linda asked about what we do with extra money.  Sarah excplained that last year, the finance committee brought the issue of the budget surplus to the meeting for business.  The meeting decided to add to what we donate to other organizations.  If we have another surplus, they would do the same.
b.      Nominating Committee
1. Approved Molly Wingate to serve on the Colorado Regional Meeting’s Nominating Committee.
2. Please note that Bill Werling is serving at the CRM representative to the IMYM Committee on Suffering.
3. Several positions for the meeting will be coming open in January.  They include clerk, recording clerk, and others. Please See Genie Durland or Julie Roten-Valdez if you wish to volunteer. We hope to approve the new service positions at the December meeting.  
c.       Ministry and Oversight
        Report on Clearness Committee re: transfer of Jeremy Nelson’s membership from Salt Lake Meeting to Colorado Springs. Business meeting approved the transfer of membership.  December potluck will be a welcome for Jeremy Nelson.
        Ministry and Oversight is willing to expand their membership as Friends are lead.  They invite anyone interested to contact Linda, Ginger, or Martha.
        Ginger brought to our attention an observation that we are uneven in our welcoming new attenders. We are urged to extend ourselves a bit in welcoming new folks. We had a discussion of how we may order our closing of meeting so that new people have a chance to introduce themselves. Ginger pointed out that the informal welcoming is what provoked the observation. Carlton and Lisa suggested that we shake hands at the break of meeting. We asked ministry and oversight talk about the breaking of meeting and bring us suggestions. 
        M & O will follow up with Pueblo friends to see if we can be of service to them.
        They will also follow up with regular attenders as they make their annual calls to see how everyone is doing. 
        Ginger announced that she is willing to clerk a debrief of the lessons learned when trying to buy the building at 15 S. Wahsatch. 
d.      Education Committee: 
A regular rotation of adults is needed to teach First Day School.  There are more Sundays than there are teachers at this point, so please consider teaching a lesson a month or at least supervising “Game Day” on the second Sunday of the month. Please contact Molly Wingate or John Gallagher.
e.      Meeting Home
We had a discussion about having a discussion of lessons learned from our process of trying to buy 15 S. Wahsatch.  The suggestion was for Ministry and Oversight to lead the discussion.  Ginger Morgan offered to clerk it. She suggested that we pick a time after meeting or an off time.  She will send out a scheduler to find a time for us to meet.
f.        Library 
4.       Old business
A. Friends expressed interest in a discussion group about a book offered by FGC The Wisdom to Know the Difference by Eileen Flanagan.  Molly will order books and schedule a discussion time in January.  Please contact her so she can order enough books. Those interested will contact Molly.
B. Molly will have queries from the IMYM documents concerning the IMYM Task Group Recommendations and FCNL representation ready in time for the December Potluck.
C. Hospitality time after meeting and 1st Sunday potlucks remain Friendly times of fellowship. 
      D. We returned to the question of the Sheii Koeii Quaker Farming Community near Gardner, CO and how we can support them. Genie suggested that the question is really for Mountain View to decide and then ask us. Bill and Genie are not in a position to be the liaison to this group on a regular basis. There are several questions about the nature the group and their request which Bill suggested that Mountain View should take up.  Genie is happy to share the contact information for Friends to visit the group.  Meeting agreed.
1. We returned to the Joint Statement on Palestine from AFSC, QUONW and FCNL that was brought to Friend’s attention last month.  Bill clarified that this statement is not for our approval but for our information.  Bill discussed the issues of politics and spirituality in Quakers.  We discussed an interest in having a soup and sharing on the topic of politics and religion.  
5. New Business
        A.  Our noisy neighbors.  The bar next door has begun opening at 10 AM on Sundays.  We have had only friendly contacts with employees and managers in an effort to reduce the level of the music during Meeting for Worship.  All requests have been honored.  Molly spoke to the manager during the week and explained our needs, and meeting was quiet on Sunday.
        B.  Carlton and Ginger are looking into the possibility of our moving on to Colorado College’s campus, if we need or want to. We discussed the pros and cons.
        C.  Sarah reported that Jeremy has begun to look at the Meeting’s website and he and Sarah will have some questions for the Meeting next month.
D. Sarah also presented Carlton with the letter to send to Wells Fargo explaining that we are  closing our accounts because of our beliefs.
We closed at 2PM in silence.
Presented in the Light,
Molly Wingate
Recording Clerk.

.. _`Jeremy Nelson`:
.. _`Linda Seger`: 
.. _`Bill Werling`:
 
`Lisa Lister`
